when hunting you have to hunt the wind
white-tailed deer sense of smell is
stronger than your dog and they
constantly check the wind alert them
with predators they can take one bad
experience with a mature bucks rim the
changes pattern and never come by your
stand again using common sense on where
to hunt and locating the direction of
the wind can help make you a more
successful hunter that's traditionally
hunters of use puffers to detect the
wind rips but the problem with covers is
they don't detect slight air movement
and they can't be seen in the dark the
Firefly electronics win detector fixes
all of these problems just over four
inches long weighing in 2 3 ounces the
Firefly electronic one detector was
designed to detect wind currents and
thermals undetectable to humans the
fireplace shape and design allow for it
to give you the most accurate readings
the polycarbonate top was designed to
guide the wind rips across the dial the
wind direction can be determined the
electronic board has eight leds and
eight sensors that indicate wind
direction now to run the unit simply saw
to triple-a batteries and then press the
on button now once the unit is turned on
the Firefly begins sampling wind at five
hundred and twelve times a second after
three seconds it will give you first
reading they'll give you reading every
second up to eight seconds when the
Firefly you text wins the LED lights
will light up now this is perfect for
checking your wind direction in the dark
and the Firefly has one LED lit up it
means it has a very precise reading when
two LEDs are present it means that the
wind is going in between the two sensors
and when there are three LED lights lit
up and means that the Firefly has
detected a general or variable wind
direction if the fire five detects one
direction for multiple locations all 8
LED lights will light up now this
happens is simply holding it away from
your body and try it again after eight
seconds of running unit will
automatically time itself out and shut
down
and it's guaranteed for 500 activations
with a single set of batteries and the
built-in compass on top of the unit
allows you to know which direction the
wind is coming from the Firefly has
multiple applications one is checking
wind direction your treestand locations
train may affect wind movement at
different stand locations being able to
test win movement at your stands for
different wind directions now you know
exactly which stands to hunt depending
on the wind when doing a spot in stock
the Firefly is easy to take with you to
check the wind throughout the entire
hunt and it's even great for crawling
because the wind direction can be
determined at any height the Firefly is
a must-have for predator hunting knowing
wind direction when setting up your
calling Stan can't make the difference
in a successful hunt another use for the
Firefly is when you're training your dog
any good trainer knows that your dog
needs to be downwind of the bumper or
bird while training so your dog is able
to build their confidence Firefly is
also being used by first responders and
hazardous waste bills so they can
determine wind drift take the proper
action in handling the situation when it
comes to waterfowl hunting it's also
very important to know the wind
direction and yes I know Doug can't
smell you but it's important to know the
one direction so you can set out a
realistic spread of your decoys and you
have the best opportunity to get them in
close fireflies 100% waterproof with the
cap on and it floats if you happen to
get it wet with the cap off simply blow
off the electronic board so the sensors
can still read the wind like try board
is sealed to keep water out of it the
Firefly is available in three different
camo patterns and in black you can also
purchase the retractable lanyard and a
100-percent waterproof travel case the
travel case will hold your fire fly your
lanyard or whatever gear you'd like to
take with you out in the field now the
Firefly is also the perfect present for
the hunter who has everything the
Firefly allows you to accurately know
the winds direction and the slider
severe movements allowing you to always
turn to win for more information on the
Firefly check out our website must have
outdoors calm